Tab 1:
* Browse through all workout moments. 
* Can either show a layout where its just a list where the most recent 
workout is at the top and then it descends in chronological order, or
it can show a different layout which is a calendar month by month view
where each date where a workout was done is marked with a color.

Tab 2:
* Browse through each unique workout
* Tab 1 shows every moment I worked out, while tab 2 shows different workouts
and each workout from Tab 2 can be done at multiple different moments in Tab 1.
* Each workout in Tab 2 has a detailed view where there is alot you can customize
about a workout (See more info under "Detailed view (Tab 2)" to see requirements for this)
* In Tab 2 you should also have a search field where I can search for keywords such as
legs, squat, pull ups etc. to find the relevant workouts. The search will filter based
on any word that appears in that workout (the name of any exercise etc.)

Detailed view (Tab 2):
* For any workout you should be able to add a warm-up section.
In the warm-up section you can add any number of exercises and number of reps
or amount of time such as 30 seconds. You can also have sets, so if you should
do 2 sets of 5 execises you can do that
* For any workout you can also add a WOD section which can be something like
a EMOM, amrap. You can similar to warm-up add a list of workouts and multiple sets
number of reps etc. You should also be able to add a time cap
* For WOD section you should be able to create multiple variants also if you want to
have like a scaled version, Rx version etc. The labels of each of these variants should
be customizable
* In addition to warm-up section and WOD section you should be able to add a strength section,
for doing some traditional strength workout, like 5 sets of 10 reps Squat with a precentage of
personal best of that stength exercise.
* There should also be a button when viewing this workout where you can get a list of all the
results from doing that workout, each result can be one of the variants, (scaled RX etc.) and
some of the individual values or number of reps sets might be modified (for example maybe I did
RX but the two last sets I scaled down so I did 2 less reps on certain exercises)

Tab 3:
* Finally in Tab 3 there should be a list of Personal bests for different exercises such as
Squats, Pull ups (number of reps, if weighted or not) etc.

Finally all the data in this app: all the exercises, all the results from each exercise, all
the personal bests should be persistantly stored so it's not lost when the app gets closed
and when the app is started it should have the same data it had since you last used the app,
in other words should stay consistently synchronized so any modifications on any of this data
is consistently stored persistantly. There should also be an import/export feature to export
it to a appropriate format such as JSON and then you can also import it into the app.
Importing will replace all the existing data in the app.
